winget/msi installer (#2860)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/install-dapr-cli.md

$script=iwr -useb https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dapr/cli/master/install/install.ps1; $block=[ScriptBlock]::Create($script); invoke-command -ScriptBlock $block -ArgumentList "", "$Env:DAPR_INSTALL_DIR"
```

#### Install using winget

> Install the latest windows Dapr cli to `$Env:SystemDrive\dapr` and add this directory to the User PATH environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the latest Windows Dapr CLI to `$Env:SystemDrive\dapr` and add this directory to the user PATH environment variable:
```

```powershell
winget install Dapr.CLI
```

> **For Preview Releases:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For preview releases:**
```

> Install the latest Preview release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the latest preview release:
```

```powershell
winget install Dapr.CLI.Preview
```

> #### Install using MSI Installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Install using MSI installer
```

> Each release of Dapr CLI also includes MSI installer for windows. You can manually download and run the installer to install Dapr CLI locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each release of the Dapr CLI also includes an installer for Windows. You can manually download the MSI:
```

> 1. Download the MSI Package `dapr.msi` from latest [Dapr Release](https://github.com/dapr/cli/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the MSI package `dapr.msi` from latest [Dapr release](https://github.com/dapr/cli/releases).
```

2. Navigate to the downloaded MSI file and double-click the file to run it.

> 3. Follow the installation wizard's prompts to accept the License and select the installation directory. Selected folder is added to User PATH environment variable. Default value is set to `$Env:SystemDrive\dapr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Follow the installation prompts to accept the license and the installation directory. The selected folder is added to the user PATH environment variable. The default value is set to `$Env:SystemDrive\dapr`.
```
